fix(node-exporter): add GOMAXPROCS=1 (#112)
sighupio/fury-kubernetes-monitoring: katalog/node-exporter/MAINTENANCE.md

3. Sync the new image to our registry in the [`monitoring` images.yaml file fury-distribution-container-image-sync repository](https://github.com/sighupio/fury-distribution-container-image-sync/blob/main/modules/monitoring/images.yml).

4. Update the `kustomization.yaml` file with the new image.

## Customizations

> We added the `GOMAXPROCS=1` environment variable to limit the go rutines to 1 processor because node-exporter was getting throttled hard by Kubernetes when using all the host CPUs. The patch is done in the `kustomization.yaml` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We added the `GOMAXPROCS=1` environment variable to limit the goroutines to 1 processor because node-exporter was getting hard throttled by Kubernetes when using all the host CPUs. The patch is done in the `kustomization.yaml` file.
```
